I'm going to show you how to make a
spicy mango chutney for this recipe I'm
using two large not well ripe mangoes
two apples granny smith apples you can
omit this or add more mangoes in here or
even pictures and any other kind of a
fruit goes well with this can add except
apples but pectin in apple thickens the
chutney very easily that's why I'm using
happens one cup of vinegar you can use
any kind of a vinegar or white vinegar
I'm using a per side vinegar a
tablespoon or two chili flakes or chili
paste salt to your taste one tablespoon
of grated ginger ten cloves of garlic a
cup of sugar you can add more if you
like more sweetness and two onions
finely chopped 1 tablespoon of cumin
powder and half a teaspoon of mustard
powder to start this recipe add all the
ingredients into a pot and make sure
when you cook if you had to have
sterilized just to keep this for a long
time if not it won't happen so make sure
you boil the just and dried properly
before doing this then the sugar and
onions and the mangos
into that add a cup of vinegar after
that add enough salt to your taste and
chili paste I'm adding two teaspoons
tablespoons I like it little hotter
because I don't like very sweet stuff so
I'm going to cook this about an hour not
boiling simmering then juicers will come
out and it will thicken automatically in
one hour
I was cooking the mango chutney about
one hour now and it's really nice and
taste it - I taste at the beach to see
whether the salt is enough and when you
store these make sure you store it in a
airtight containers very clean and when
it is hot add it and close the lid and
leave it to seal and I hope you will
enjoy this thank you for watching